
1. Payment

1.1. There are no hidden fees - The purchase price for the vehicle is the price stated when the auction ended or the Buy It Now Price. This is the price which you will pay for the vehicle.

1.2. The Buy It Now Price or the Winning bid will be payable as it follows:

1.2.1. You should pay the deposit in 3 hours' time once the auction is won (the deposit varies for each vehicle between 10% and 50%. It will be visible on the "My Orders" section on the website on your Deposit Invoice).

1.2.2. The remaining amount should be paid within 24h after the Settlement Invoice has been generated.

1.3. Payment has to be made by Bank Transfer to the financial sales agent assigned to your transaction.

1.4. We use a third-party payment provider to process debit card payments on the website.

1.5. The title will be delivered the same time as the vehicle, we will notify the authorities of the change in ownership.

1.6. Once the deposit is paid, your car paperwork will be taken care of.



2. Warranty

2.1. We have partnered with a third-party warranty provider to offer warranty and maintenance plans to our customers.

2.2. When you buy a vehicle with us, you will automatically be opted in for a 90-day warranty with breakdown assistance at no additional cost to you. The 90-day warranty with breakdown assistance will commence on Delivery.

2.3. The 90-day warranty and any other service provided by the Warranty Provider is subject to a contract between you and the Warranty Provider on the terms provided to you in the confirmation email which you will receive from the Warranty Provider once the vehicle is marked as "Delivered"

2.4. We do not provide a manufacturer’s warranty in relation to the vehicle but if a manufacturer’s warranty or guarantee exists and is continuing from the previous ownership of the vehicle and you are entitled to the benefit of this manufacturer’s warranty or guarantee we will pass this to you.



3. Insurance

3.1. During the transport your vehicle will be covered.

3.2. The free 7-Day Driveaway Insurance is a single-user, fully comprehensive policy that will cover you if your car is lost, damaged or stolen during the first 7 days.

3.3. If you do need to make a claim, there will be a £500 excess to pay. This excess is increased to £750 for drivers aged 21 and under. To find out more, read a summary of the cover provided on delivery.

3.4. You can't insure additional drivers on your 7-Day Driveaway Insurance.



4. Return Policy

4.1. We provide a money back guarantee ("7-Day Money Back Guarantee") from the date of Delivery of the Vehicle for a period until 8 pm seven days later.

4.2. During the 7-Day Money Back Guarantee Period, you may request to cancel your Order and return the Vehicle to us, provided You have not damaged the Vehicle or drive more than 250 miles during the 7-Day Money Back Guarantee Period. If You have, we have discretion whether to allow the 7-Day Money Back Guarantee or not and we may reject Your Vehicle return.

4.3. We offer 7 days free Driveaway insurance with Tempcover on cars under £45,000.

4.4. If you wish to return the Car in accordance with the Guarantee, you can contact us through email or using our Live Chat Support. One of our agents will arrange a date on which we will collect the Car from you at your residential address.

4.5. If you choose to return the Car under the Guarantee we will repay you the full Purchase Price of the Car to the same bank account used to pay for the vehicle. We will deduct from the money repaid to you as described in the sections above:

4.5.1. Any amounts which we are permitted to charge you because of the condition in which you returned the Car to us; and

4.5.2. £150, which we will hold pending you returning the most recent V5C registration document to us. We need the V5C to be returned because the value of the Car will reduce without it;

4.6. You are entitled to use the Car to determine the nature, characteristics and functioning of the Car. We consider this use to be similar to a couple of test drives which you would receive if you were buying a Car from a dealer face to face. You must not use the Car after notifying us that you are cancelling the Agreement and you must keep the Car in good condition from the date of Delivery. We are entitled to charge you if the value of the Car has reduced as a result of excessive use by you or any damage you caused to the Car. We may charge you:

4.6.1. If the Car has been driven for more than 250 miles since Delivery, a fee equal to £1.00 for each mile driven in excess of 250 miles (Excess Mileage Payment); and/or

4.6.2. If the value of the Car has been reduced because it is not in the condition it was in at Delivery, our reasonable costs to repair the Car so that it is in the condition it was in at Delivery (Damage Payment).

4.7. For the purposes of this section, we will record the mileage on the Car at Delivery and this mileage will be conclusive in determining whether you have driven the Car more than 250 miles since Delivery.

4.8. Subject to the V5C being received within 7 days of you informing us that you wish to return the Car, we will repay you the £150 we retained as described in section 4.5.2. within 24 hours of us receiving the V5C. If you fail to return the V5C registration document, we may charge you a fee of £150 as the value of the Car will reduce without the V5C registration document (V5C Fee) and we will retain the £150 referred to in section 4.5.2. as payment by you to us for the V5C Fee.

4.9. If the total of the Excess Mileage Payment, the Damage Payment and/or the V5C Fee is more than the amount payable to you then we will tell you how much you owe us (Outstanding Amount) and you must pay the Outstanding Amount to us within 7 days of us notifying you of the Outstanding Amount.

4.10. If you return the Car using the Guarantee we will notify the Warranty Provider (RAC), the 90-day warranty or any other service contract arranged through us will be automatically terminated.